OSDOCS#11399: Added a release note for additional principals on ROSA with HCP cluster (#79331)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

[id="rosa-q2-2024_{context}"]
=== Q2 2024

> * **Additional approved principals for {hcp} clusters**. You can approve additional user-roles to connect to your cluster's private API server endpoint. See xref:../rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-aws-private-creating-cluster.adoc#rosa-additional-principals-overview_rosa-hcp-aws-private-creating-cluster[Additional principals on your {hcp-title} cluster].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Approve additional principals for {hcp} clusters.** You can approve additional user-roles to connect to your cluster's private API server endpoint. For more information, see xref:../rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-aws-private-creating-cluster.adoc#rosa-additional-principals-overview_rosa-hcp-aws-private-creating-cluster[Additional principals on your {hcp-title} cluster].
```
